Recorded Presentation
	REQUIREMENTS
	No videos, powerpoint with audios imbedded 
	FOR EVERY SINGLE SLIDE, embedde some audio into it
	Need to include a slide number
	In the bottom left corner we will put the name of the person speaking and their role!

	TIPS
	1.) Starting at CRC, for How, show 2 CRC cards to help explain and then go over elements. Card 2 will be a collaborative class for card 1. (Digital is expected but we can put a picture of the card on the top right)
	2.) Go back and forth between the high and low level, so CRC in general to focusing on 1 or 2 cards
	3.) In contracts, show a contract within the already shown crc cards
	4.)Before moving to subsystems, inslide between crc and subsystems: Place class collaboration graph (the huge one with all the classes, no subsystems)
	5.)use that to lead into the discussion of subsystems

	Subsystems
		For what why and how just show 1 subsystem and, preferably one that has the 2 previous cards.
		Before moving to protocols you should show a subsystem collaboration graph 
	Protocols
		Continue with the same crc cards and contracts (for the consistency)
		Show a protocol with signatures and preconditions etc
		Prefer formal, but any kind of presentation is fine. Just ensure that they can unserstand what you are saying

	Tell lead programmer,
		Since implementation will not be done yet, salamah wants a method of how we are breaking down task and implementation assignments. essentially some sort of schedule on how we will get it to work. Put a responsible part for a subsystem, due date (its fine if they are in the future) and then state the progress as well! Touch on programming languges, ide, etc that we are using

	Integration can be a part of lead programmer or part of V&V.
		If the lead programmer does it, then we do not need sample integration test but V&V DOES NEED TO DO IT
		(we will integrate sub 1 and sub2 and then move on)

	For V&V 
		Talk about testing, what type were doing, difference between blackbox/whitebox, etc
		Speak in my own words, no copying!!!
		Definitely wants to see a few blackbox tests
		MAKE SURE WE EXPLAIN WHY WE USED A SPECIFIC TEST
		"we are going to show you blackbox testing, the reason we used it is x,y,z and then show him the example"
		AT LEAST 2 TYPES OF BLACKBOX TESTING AND DEFINITELY 1 WHITEBOX TEST WITH CODE, CFG AND TESTCASES
		Put in V&V for other things like tracing and spreadsheets, etc (OPTIONAL)

	Team performance




Question Answer Sesssion (In person)

	There will be 4 minutes where we talk about the project with our team
		'This semester we started off with CRC then blah blah blah'
		Essentially sum up the experience
	IMPORTANT: We are gonna come up with a script but whoever gets asked WILL BE RANDOM
			SO HAVE EVERYONE KNOW THE REVIEW FROM THE SEMESTER (Likely make a script)
				Put final presentation
				Put final SCM Document
				Put Final Design Document
				and Put current Test plan (whatever we have at that stage)



TEST PLAN (Salamah Wants this for the Friday the 14th Test thing)
	1.)UNIT TEST
		All should have written some code!
		Everyone should have tested something
		Every individual should have at LEAST 1 whitebox and blackbox test (NOT JUST V&V)
		NEVER TEST THE CODE YOU WROTE ()
	
	2.)Integration Tests
		Write Integration Tests for every protocol that we have
		They must at least touch every method ONCE
		EVERY METHOD MUST BE USED IN AT LEAST 1 INTEGRATION TESTS

	3.)System Tests
		When we take 1 function of the system and test using blackbox
		MUST BE A TABLE (User does this, system does this, go until function completes)
		Can pick each use case and pick a system test
		Or go to the demo guideline and come up to a system tests for that

		Explanation of line 2! (done for each point in the demo!)
			User hovers over file menu, system changes color
			User clicks file, system displays menu
			User clicks new, system shows new presentations
			User double clicks, 


Protocol document tomorrow
Video presentation due wednesday
Thursday is presentation in person
A week after that is demo and final test plan



WE WILL GET HIT FOR AN INCOMPLETE DEMO
	He'd rather see 70% integrated than 90% done as units
	for example:50-70% that is integrated is better than 100% as units!!!


Sunday at 1pm likely in same classroom
